name            class          subclass   type

L2cache0        memory         sys        L2cache_rspc
arch            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
cd0             cdrom          vscsi      vopt
cluster0        pseudo         node       cluster
en0             if             EN         en
ent0            adapter        vdevice    IBM,l-lan
ent1            adapter        vdevice    IBM,l-lan
fcs0            adapter        vdevice    IBM,vfc-client
fcs1            adapter        vdevice    IBM,vfc-client
fcs2            adapter        vdevice    IBM,vfc-client
fcs3            adapter        vdevice    IBM,vfc-client
flr0            driver         fsf        flr
fscsi0          driver         vio_npiv   emfscsi
fscsi1          driver         vio_npiv   emfscsi
fscsi2          driver         vio_npiv   emfscsi
fscsi3          driver         vio_npiv   emfscsi
gghome          logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
gghomedirdat    logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
hdisk0          disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk1          disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk2          disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk99         disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk101        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk102        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk110        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk111        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk112        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk113        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk201        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk202        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk203        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk204        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk205        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk206        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk207        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk208        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk209        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk210        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk211        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk212        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk213        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk214        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk215        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk216        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk217        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk218        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk219        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk220        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk221        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk222        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk223        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk224        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk225        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk226        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk227        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk228        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk229        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk250        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk251        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk252        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk253        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk254        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk255        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk256        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk257        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk258        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk259        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk260        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk261        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk262        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk263        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk264        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk265        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk880        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk881        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk882        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk883        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk884        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk885        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk886        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk887        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk888        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk889        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk890        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
hdisk891        disk           fcp        mpioosdisk
inet0           tcpip          TCPIP      inet
iocp0           iocp           node       iocp
iscsi0          driver         node       iscsi
lo0             if             LO         lo
loglv00         logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
lv01            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
lvdd            lvm            lvm        lvdd
mem0            memory         sys        totmem
mlgA            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
mlgB            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
nsmb0           network        pseudo     smb
nsmbc0          network        pseudo     smbc
olgA            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
olgB            logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
pkcs11          adapter        pseudo     ibm_pkcs11
proc0           processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc8           processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc16          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc24          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc32          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc40          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc48          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc56          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc64          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc72          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc80          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc88          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc96          processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc104         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc112         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc120         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc128         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc136         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc144         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc152         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc160         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc168         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc176         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc184         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc192         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc200         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc208         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc216         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc224         processor      sys        proc_rspc
proc232         processor      sys        proc_rspc
pty0            pty            pty        pty
sfw0            driver         storfwork  module
sfwcomm0        driver         fcp        storfwork
sfwcomm1        driver         fcp        storfwork
sfwcomm2        driver         fcp        storfwork
sfwcomm3        driver         fcp        storfwork
sys0            sys            node       chrp
sysplanar0      planar         sys        sysplanar_rspc
vgdata-EP0_ctrl logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt1  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt2  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt3  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt4  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt5  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt6  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt7  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt8  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt9  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgdata-EP0_dt10 logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgexp-EP0_arch  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgexp-EP0_sm    logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgexp-stable    logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgora-EP0_bin   logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgora-EP0_orac  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgora-EP0_reor  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgsap-EP0_ascs  logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgsap-EP0_ers   logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vgsap-EP0_pas   logical_volume lvsubclass lvtype
vio0            bus            chrp       vdevice
vsa0            adapter        vdevice    hvterm1
vscsi0          adapter        vdevice    IBM,v-scsi
vty0            tty            vcon       tty
